Inspector-faq-update (#1132)
avohq/docs: pages/inspector/start-using-inspector.mdx

Inspector gives you:

- An overview of your current state of tracking, highlighting implementation issues as well as discrepancies with your desired tracking plan.
- Implementation status for every analytics release in your Avo Branch, available for Development, Staging and Production environments. This gives you confidence in and visibility into the status and health of the events that developers are implementing.
- Implementation status for the events in your entire tracking plan, so you can see which events are actually implemented and whether they’re sent correctly or not.

> - The ability to seamlessly build your Avo tracking plan on top of live data, with the option to build gradually using several Avo branches or through a bulk import. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ability to seamlessly build your Avo tracking plan on top of live data, with the option to build gradually or through a bulk import directly from Inspector. 
```

### Issues view

The Inspector issues view displays information about anomalies and discrepancies seen in your production data for the past 24 hours. This view allows you to sort and filter issues to uncover those relevant to you and gives you the overview and information needed to prioritize which of them to act on.

![Image shows an example default view of the Inspector issues view.](/images/inspector/inspector-issues-default.png)

Learn more about the [Issues view here](/inspector/inspector-issues-view).

### Events view

The Inspector events view provides a report on all event tracking Inspector has seen in your development, staging and production environments. You can use the dashboard to evaluate the health of your tracking implementation and prioritize issues.

![Inspector tab](/images/workspace/nav-inspector.png)

Learn more about the [Events view here](/inspector/inspector-events-view).

> The production environment in Inspector is designed to handle large amounts of data and has up to 2 hours delay from receiving events to displaying them on a dashboard.

> Events on dev and staging have no delay in processing and will be shown on the dashboard immediately.

> ## How to send metadata to the Inspector?

Reviewer: I'd like to keep the product overview above the setup instructions. You don't have enough motivation to consider setups until you've learned more about the end product
